README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

<!-- Introduce yourself and give a brief introduction about yourself here.  Also include what tech you're interested in and what you are currently learning -->

Find out more about me & feel free to connect with me here:

<!-- Replace the fields below with the information requested. Remember to remove the encapsulating <> characters. For spaces in names, use %20 (e.g. Broadus%20Palmer) -->

<<<<<<< HEAD
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Courtney%20Campbell-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/courtney-campbell-a53b68130/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/courtney-campbell-a53b68130/)
[![Medium Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Broadus%20Palmer-12100E?style=flat-square&logo=medium&logoColor=white&link=https://medium.com/@courtcamDevOps)](https://medium.com/@courtcamDevOps)
=======
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Broadus%20Palmer-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/levelupwithbroadus/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/levelupwithbroadus/)
[![Medium Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Courtney%20Campbell-12100E?style=flat-square&logo=medium&logoColor=white&link=https://medium.com/@courtcamDevOps/)](https://medium.com/@courtcamDevOps/)
>>>>>>> f2d5ae4a5e49b3678ec5e2f6cda25660c2fc0a4b
[![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CourtCam1995@gmail.com-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:CourtCam1995@gmail.com)](mailto:CourtCam1995@gmail.com)

## ⚡ Technologies

<!-- Check out the Badges folder for more badges -->

![Amazon AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon%20AWS-232F3E?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-black?style=flat-square&logo=git)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-black?style=flat-square&logo=Python)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=flat-square&logo=Trello&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)

<!-- Replace the fields below with the information requested. Remember to remove the encapsulating <> characters. -->

![Github Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=LevelUpInTech&count_private=true&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true)
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=LevelUpInTech&hide=TeX&layout=compact)


[![Visitors](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/visitors?path=LevelUpInTech%2FLevelUpInTech&label=VISITORS&countColor=%23263759)](https://visitorbadge.io/status?path=LevelUpInTech%2FLevelUpInTech)

Commit message:

add the about me section

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

<!-- Introduce yourself and give a brief introduction about yourself here.  Also include what tech you're interested in and what you are currently learning -->

My name is Courtney Campbell and im pursing a career of DevOps Engineering at LUIT!!!

My backgorund is in System administration where I work mostly with windows ssystem. Devops is new for me and im loveing so far. If you are reading this now then this is the result of me pursing my DevOps career. 

<!-- Replace the fields below with the information requested. Remember to remove the encapsulating <> characters. For spaces in names, use %20 (e.g. Broadus%20Palmer) -->


[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Courtney%20Campbell-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/courtney-campbell-a53b68130/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/courtney-campbell-a53b68130/)
[![Medium Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Courtney%20Campbell-12100E?style=flat-square&logo=medium&logoColor=white&link=https://medium.com/@courtcamDevOps)](https://medium.com/@courtcamDevOps)
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Courtney%20Campbell-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/levelupwithbroadus/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/levelupwithbroadus/)
[![Medium Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Courtney%20Campbell-12100E?style=flat-square&logo=medium&logoColor=white&link=https://medium.com/@courtcamDevOps/)](https://medium.com/@courtcamDevOps/)
>>
[![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CourtCam1995@gmail.com-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:CourtCam1995@gmail.com)](mailto:CourtCam1995@gmail.com)

## ⚡ Technologies

<!-- Check out the Badges folder for more badges -->

![Amazon AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon%20AWS-232F3E?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-black?style=flat-square&logo=git)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-black?style=flat-square&logo=Python)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=flat-square&logo=Trello&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)

<!-- Replace the fields below with the information requested. Remember to remove the encapsulating <> characters. -->

![Github Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=LevelUpInTech&count_private=true&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true)
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=LevelUpInTech&hide=TeX&layout=compact)


[![Visitors](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/visitors?path=LevelUpInTech%2FLevelUpInTech&label=VISITORS&countColor=%23263759)](https://visitorbadge.io/status?path=LevelUpInTech%2FLevelUpInTech)
